Fixing default layout types (#377)
vtex-apps/search-result: docs/README.md

| Prop name | Type                      | Description                                                                                       | Default value |
| --------- | ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |

> | `layout`  | `Enum` | Whether the Filter Navigator layout should be responsive (`responsive`), mobile (`mobile`) or desktop (`desktop`). You may use `desktop` when the Filter Navigator was configured to be displayed in a [drawer](https://vtex.io/docs/components/content-blocks/vtex.store-drawer@0.9.0). | `responsive`  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `layout`  | `enum` | Whether the Filter Navigator layout is designed to work with mobile devices  (`mobile`), desktop (`desktop`) or with different devices (`responsive`). You may use `desktop` when the Filter Navigator was already configured to be displayed in a [drawer](https://vtex.io/docs/components/content-blocks/vtex.store-drawer). | `responsive`  |
```
